(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] And now, it's time for my solution
to this problem.
I created a new project called Java chow,
and I put three classes in there, a request to response
and the handler.
The request is very simple.
It takes an integer value, that is the count.
This was the number of flips that we wanted to execute.
My coin toss response is a little bit more complicated.
In addition to the flips and heads and tails
that you might expect,
and all of the getters and setters,
I added two helper methods,
an increment heads and an increment tails,
just so I could create the objects at the beginning
and increment it throughout my if statements.
So now, let's look at my coin toss handler.
And while this may not be the most effective way
to do this, it definitely works.
So I created the handler and I implemented it
using request handler,
passing it through request and response.
Then we get to line 12,
and I actually implement the function
that overrides that interface.
I created an instance of my logger.
I then do a response object.
And from there, I set my flips,
go ahead and equal to the number of count.
Now I create a random object called random,
and then I enter my loop.
And it's the traditional for loop.
But what you'll see here is I use the random object,
and I called the next Boolean on it.
So next Boolean is either going to be true or false,
heads or tails, right?
So if it's true, I log it out that this flip found heads.
And then I do a response to increment heads.
Then on the else, which is where it would be tails,
I logged that it's tails,
and I increment tails on my response object.
Then I simply return the response.
So when it comes time to test this,
and I'm going to use my embedded terminal here,
I can simply invoke it.
Let me clear that out to make it easier here.
I can simply invoke that function,
and I'm going to flip 50 coin tosses.
And what you'll see is this coming out at 26 heads
and 24 tails.
I can run that again.
And I got 26 heads, 24 tails.
Do it one more time.
Now I got 24 heads in 26 tails.
And one more time.
There we go. 19 heads, 31 tails.
So it truly is a random system,
and it runs it through the actual Lambda function.
Pretty straightforward, but hopefully,
you got a little bit of a taste.
Now, if you went out
and actually did sort of the bonus prize on this exercise,
I'm curious what you came up with around SQS handler.
The SQS handler is another type of request handler
that you can use with Lambda,
and it ties you to an event.
Now, it's a little bit more but Amazon Docs
are actually pretty good around this,
on how to bind to an SQS queue,
receive the event and operate on it.
If you didn't do it for this challenge,
but you're interested
in actually using Lambda professionally,
that's a great place to start,
is looking at the SQS path.
Because quite honestly, it's one of the most used ways
that I use Lambda on a daily basis,
is to respond to asynchronous messaging.